distrib/vax/install.md, before:

#	$OpenBSD: install.md,v 1.45 2015/06/02 19:54:07 rpe Exp $
#	$NetBSD: install.md,v 1.3.2.5 1996/08/26 15:45:28 gwr Exp $
#
#
# Copyright (c) 1996 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc.
# All rights reserved.
#
# This code is derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation
# by Jason R. Thorpe.
#
# Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
# modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
# are met:
# 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
#    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
# 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
#    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
#    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
#
# THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS
# ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
# TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
# PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
# LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
# CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
# SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
# INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
# CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
# ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
# POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
#
#
# machine dependent section of installation/upgrade script.
#

MDTERM=vt100
MDDKDEVS='/^[hs]d[0-9] /s/ .*//p;/^ra[0-9] /s/ .*//p'
MDCDDEVS='/^cd[0-9] /s/ .*//p;/^ra[0-9] .* RRD40$/s/ .*//p'
MDMTDEVS='/^[ms]t[0-9][0-9]* /s/ .*//p'

md_installboot() {
	# Use cat to avoid holes created by cp(1)
	cat /mnt/usr/mdec/boot > /mnt/boot
	/sbin/disklabel -B $1
}

md_prep_disklabel() {
	local _disk=$1 _f=/tmp/fstab.$1

	disklabel_autolayout $_disk $_f || return
	[[ -s $_f ]] && return

	cat <<__EOT
You will now create a OpenBSD disklabel on the disk.  The disklabel defines
how OpenBSD splits up the disk into OpenBSD partitions in which filesystems
and swap space are created.  You must provide each filesystem's mountpoint
in this program.

__EOT

	disklabel -F $_f -E $_disk
}

md_congrats() {
}

md_consoleinfo() {
}

Commit message:

Use MI installboot instead of disklabel -B to install boot blocks. ok krw@ deraadt@

distrib/vax/install.md, after:

#	$OpenBSD: install.md,v 1.46 2015/10/15 19:28:31 miod Exp $
#	$NetBSD: install.md,v 1.3.2.5 1996/08/26 15:45:28 gwr Exp $
#
#
# Copyright (c) 1996 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc.
# All rights reserved.
#
# This code is derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation
# by Jason R. Thorpe.
#
# Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
# modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
# are met:
# 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
#    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
# 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
#    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
#    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
#
# THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS
# ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
# TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
# PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
# LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
# CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
# SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
# INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
# CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
# ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
# POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
#
#
# machine dependent section of installation/upgrade script.
#

MDTERM=vt100
MDDKDEVS='/^[hs]d[0-9] /s/ .*//p;/^ra[0-9] /s/ .*//p'
MDCDDEVS='/^cd[0-9] /s/ .*//p;/^ra[0-9] .* RRD40$/s/ .*//p'
MDMTDEVS='/^[ms]t[0-9][0-9]* /s/ .*//p'

md_installboot() {
	if ! installboot -r /mnt ${1}; then
		echo "\nFailed to install bootblocks."
		echo "You will not be able to boot OpenBSD from ${1}."
		exit
	fi
}

md_prep_disklabel() {
	local _disk=$1 _f=/tmp/fstab.$1

	disklabel_autolayout $_disk $_f || return
	[[ -s $_f ]] && return

	cat <<__EOT
You will now create a OpenBSD disklabel on the disk.  The disklabel defines
how OpenBSD splits up the disk into OpenBSD partitions in which filesystems
and swap space are created.  You must provide each filesystem's mountpoint
in this program.

__EOT

	disklabel -F $_f -E $_disk
}

md_congrats() {
}

md_consoleinfo() {
}
